=pod

=head1 NAME

Mojolicious::Plugin::LessRenderer - Use LESS in your Mojolicious templates

B<Due to many bugs in L<CSS::LESSp> I cannot recommend using this plugin!!!>

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  $app->plugin('LessRenderer');


=head1 DESCRIPTION

L<Mojolicious::Plugin::Piwik> is a simple plugin for embedding
Piwik Analysis to your Mojolicious app.


=head1 METHODS

=head2 C<register>

  # Mojolicious
  $app->plugin('LessRenderer');

  # Mojolicious::Lite
  plugin 'LessRenderer';

Called when registering the plugin.


=head1 HANDLER

=head2 C<less>

Converts a LESS stylesheet to CSS on the fly.
Supports template caching.


=head2 C<lessc>

Converts a LESS stylesheet to a compressed CSS on the fly.
Supports template caching.

B<This handler is EXPERIMENTAL and may change without warnings.>


=head1 HELPERS

=head2 C<less_stylesheet>

  # In a template
  %= less_stylesheet begin
    p {
      color: #000;
      a {
        color: red;
      }
    }
    p {
      font-size: 12pt;
    }
  % end

Renders LESS stylesheet code inline.


=head2 C<lessc_stylesheet>

  # In a template
  %= lessc_stylesheet begin
    p {
      color: #000;
      a {
        color: red;
      }
    }
    p {
      font-size: 12pt;
    }
  % end

Renders LESS stylesheet code inline and
compresses it on the fly.

B<This helper is EXPERIMENTAL and may change without warnings.>


=head1 DEPENDENCIES

L<Mojolicious>,
L<CSS::LESSp>,
L<CSS::Compressor>.


=head1 BUGS

As this plugin uses L<CSS::LESSp> and L<CSS::Compressor>,
it has their limitations.


=head1 AVAILABILITY

  https://github.com/Akron/Mojolicious-Plugin-LessRenderer


=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2012, Nils Diewald.

This program is free software, you can redistribute it
and/or modify it under the same terms as Perl.

=cut
